add release notes up to 10.16.248.0 (#130)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/devices-10-17-0.md

<td>10.16.119.0</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>

> <td>The "Groups" column in the device list used to display all groups higher in the hierarchy to which the device belonged directly or transitively. This has been fixed and now only the direct parent groups are displayed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The "Groups" column in the device list formerly displayed all groups higher in the hierarchy to which the device belonged directly or transitively. This has been fixed and now only the direct parent groups are displayed.</td>
```
i suggest this because i had problems parsing the first sentence, not understanding how "used" is used here until the very end.

<td>10.16.185.0</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>

> <td>A new LWM2M device configuration option has been added to control if the persisted values in the <b>Objects</b> tab get removed in case a read, write or observe observation fails. The option is configurable in the new single device registration in the advanced settings or by having the "c8y_GenericUI_retainOldValuesIfError" fragment in the LWM2M device managed object. By default the persisted values are kept even when the device operation fails. When this is disabled the read, write or observe operations failing with 4.01 (Unauthorized),4.03 (Forbidden), 4.04 (Not found), 5.00 (Internal Server Error), or 5.01 (not implemented) will lead to removal of the corresponding LWM2M path from the <b>Objects</b> tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>A new LWM2M device configuration option has been added to control if the persisted values in the <b>Objects</b> tab get removed in case a read, write or observe observation fails. The option is configurable in the new single device registration in the advanced settings or by having the "c8y_GenericUI_retainOldValuesIfError" fragment in the LWM2M device managed object. By default the persisted values are kept even when the device operation fails. When this is disabled the read, write or observe operations failing with 401 (Unauthorized),403 (Forbidden), 404 (Not found), 500 (Internal Server Error), or 501 (not implemented) will lead to removal of the corresponding LWM2M path from the <b>Objects</b> tab.
```
